# ComputerGraphics_Project1

# Members
- Ana Maria Accilio Villanueva
- Mariana Capuñay Correa
- Max Antúnez Alfaro
- Kiara Alexandra Balcázar Santa Cruz
- Arthur Tadier


# Description of the proyect

In this project, we will explore the potential of High Dynamic Range (HDR) images, an advanced technique that allows capturing visible details in areas of light and shadow in high-contrast scenes. This technique has emerged as a technological solution to overcome the inherent limitations of conventional photography in representing these crucial details.

The versatility of HDR images extends to multiple fields, highlighting their ability to accurately capture all the nuances present in scenes with wide differences in luminosity. This approach is particularly valuable in environments where there are very bright and very dark areas, such as natural landscapes, architectural interiors, and various real estate scenarios.

# What is HDR?

HDR, as defined by Cooper (2014), is a computer program, photograph processed by an HDR program, or a technique involving multiple photographs blended together. Banterle et al (2017) expands on this, stating that an HDR image is generated by merging multiple images of the same scene at different exposure levels to reconstruct its original dynamic range.
About the definition, dynamic range refers to the amount of separation between the brightest and darkest parts of a scene (it would have a limited range of brightness tones, too).


# Bibliography
- Banterle, F., Artusi, A., Debattista, K. & Chalmers, A. (July 2017). Advanced High Dynamic Range Imaging (2nd Edition). A K Peters/CRC Press.
- Cooper, T. (February 2014). The Realistic HDR Image. Peachpit Press.
- Marschner, S & Shirley, P. (September 2021). Fundamentals of Computer Graphics (5th Edition). A K Peters/CRC Press.

# Planning

(https://github.com/users/anamariaaccilio/projects/5)
